flew late
you
while other blonde half split down Lilla
Tamar a girl got an itch skepta sick
what things she goes crazy
let's take it easy don't go to facts
about your backside road look like
somebody took beating on you pretty bad
huh I guess I best be on my way
well I think we need to talk yeah sir
I gotta be on my way let's get you it's
magical I won't tell you about it why
you got me chained you let a man treat
you like that
dally you know about me God put you in
my pan and I aim to kill you are your
wickedness
get joyous back in my house
what you thinking I have naked white
women chained up in your house I made up
a man on this ain't gonna be moved
you can take this out no you ain't right
I'm fixing steaks for supper i spec you
to stay